Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Folks, can you hear me yeah we got good audio and visual
Ariel Mirabal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Excellent. All right, I'm gonna open up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, how long did they make you wait in virtual clinic because they I texted her and she's like, No. No one's here. So I don't know if it was just her not actually
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah. As soon as you said that because I was already like she had picked up the phone, maybe like 30 seconds before you send that message.
Ariel Mirabal: Because I logged in at like 40 maybe like 41 or 42 so it only took a few minutes and then when she got on it must have been
Ariel Mirabal: I mean seriously, like 30 seconds, not even a minute before you sent that that's why I was like, No, no, she's trying to tell you that I'm on here right now. She was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
Gwenevere Abriel: So show you this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She this is this is doesn't really have much to do with anything you need to take action on
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was I sent at 747 is Ariel here. She writes, no 748
Ariel Mirabal: And 748
Gwenevere Abriel: Wrong, wrong time zone, hold on 548 and then I text up, same, same minute she texted as in you that she's here. So I think what it was, was this if she was making you wait seven minutes that says to me that she wasn't there. She was probably not in the program. She wasn't there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know. That doesn't make any sense because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless there's a time delay.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know, but that does not make sense because I was literally right in front of her. When you are sending me those text messages.
Ariel Mirabal: And I'm not making it up. I was telling you hey, she's trying to tell you, I'm here. She was right in front of my face when you're
Sending
Gwenevere Abriel: Me their mind look right here, Florida says no.
Ariel Mirabal: It doesn't make any sense. And that's not the woman I was talking to her. I wasn't talking to Lord us
Ariel Mirabal: That's interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you talk to that might really make a difference for me. I want to know who because but then. But then she's
Ariel Mirabal: The same woman. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gorgeous. She's here.
Ariel Mirabal: I mean I can barely see your face but i just i. It just doesn't make sense because she was in front of my face when you're sending me those messages so
Ariel Mirabal: That's the only reason I would have said, I said that obviously she's trying to tell you, I'm here. She's right here telling me that
Ariel Mirabal: Okay. And it wasn't. It was one of the ladies, she kind of looks Oriental with black hair and it's like kind of short. She's the lady I see like almost every time I check in. I just can't remember her name is it like
Gwenevere Abriel: So the bizarre thing is that you were there and we're going to throw off the subject, but this just has to do with folks and as a care coordinator
Gwenevere Abriel: These are, you don't have to do anything with this, but it does relevant because I was holding holding everyone really accountable when people are checking in, it makes a difference because I might offer it to someone else. It really does.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, and I took it this extremely seriously.
Ariel Mirabal: Five o'clock.
Ariel Mirabal: So I know
Gwenevere Abriel: But I wanted you to see that this is what it actually looks like. So I right i see i get a message from you. I'm drying my hair and I look over and I see your messaging me. And so you're kind of like, you know, it's talking to you. So then I write this
Ariel Mirabal: Like I was running into right away, via text message. Just you knew what I was doing, like, Hey, I'm waiting for virtual clinic and literally like
Ariel Mirabal: Two Minutes Later it had to have been 540 like four even 545. It wasn't even 545 minute maybe 545 by the time she had picked up.
Ariel Mirabal: Because I logged into virtual
Ariel Mirabal: Clinic by 542 I looked at my clock. I should have taken a screenshot, but it was 542 when I started logging into chocolate.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not because of any dynamics between you and I, that you may want to start doing that because, look, if you look at this, there's no there's no 45. This is all and I don't know if it's a time delay because these people are all over the planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have no idea if it's a time delay thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm going to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's 548 where she says no, you're not there and now
Ariel Mirabal: You're doing that so that stay cuz
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, I look
Ariel Mirabal: Just typically tried really hard to make sure that I was in your waiting room by 545 so I like yeah I took it.
Gwenevere Abriel: My way that might be the difference if you're in mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is virtual
Gwenevere Abriel: Needed to be in virtual clinic at 545 in here.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, I was. I was in the waiting. Well, I was calling virtual clinic at 542 so by the time the lady was on my screen to give me your code. It was about 545 but
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that weird because it 548 she says you're not there.
Ariel Mirabal: Now, that doesn't make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's lots of variables. There's what, if it's a time zone. What if it takes a while for things i i'm not a tech person. So, I have no idea, but I just want you to see what I'm looking at. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do it. All right. I'm glad you're here. And let's let me open up a note and we'll get to catching up on what it's been like to be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Need
Gwenevere Abriel: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do we make your sweetheart for lunch.
Ariel Mirabal: And she really likes grilled cheese sandwiches and apple slices and grapes. That's really so I did yesterday. I've actually done
Ariel Mirabal: But sometimes, like if I make something really good for dinner, surely eat leftovers or something, but not always, you collect Chicken and rice, but I tried that. The other night, and she wouldn't even take a bite so
Ariel Mirabal: It's pretty surprising. I don't know why, but she's changing her taste buds are changing or something because
Ariel Mirabal: She really was that she was weird.
Ariel Mirabal: Think she used to love that she doesn't like any more stuff like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many different types. Do you eat the same food is as your husband are there three meals you husband and child.
Ariel Mirabal: Now, I mean him really eat the same thing.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I'll try to cook dinner for all of us. Like sometimes they'll make light green Julian Julian has because men who really love that. But obviously she can't eat it. So I could do something totally different. For her, but
Ariel Mirabal: It's easy thurs like I don't do like TV dinner things. But sometimes, like I found these little things called healthy choice in the store.
Ariel Mirabal: And they're not like that, I guess, but I feel like they're just more healthy, you know, there's just, I don't know. So I get those sometimes but I usually try to get her to eat what we eat.
Ariel Mirabal: NOISE You know in the morning. She loves her cereal and then Eggo waffles or will do french toast or pancakes, something like that. She's pretty easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm in our last note and
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to check on a couple of just sort of fundamental things and then we can sort of move into more specific stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the last let's say week and especially the last 24 hours. Have you had any suicidal ideation.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm know
Gwenevere Abriel: You thought about it a little bit. Tell me about that.
Ariel Mirabal: You think that I've been really sad. In the last 24 hours, but I haven't really had suicidal thoughts. I don't think it was really about severe. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and so the reasons that you want to live include what
Ariel Mirabal: My daughter, my family.
Ariel Mirabal: My will to get better.
Ariel Mirabal: Are very, very my family is probably the biggest thing for me on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I family what what family. Are you talking about
Ariel Mirabal: I mean like my mom, my sisters and my brothers like my immediate family, and of course my daughter and my significant other. I just feel like they're very important to me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it got it got kind of dark over this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even as recent as yesterday.
Ariel Mirabal: Um,
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Good.
Ariel Mirabal: Argument today, um,
Ariel Mirabal: There's been a little bit of tension in the house lately. There's been a couple things like hit the fan. I guess I can say
Ariel Mirabal: It's like the stress or something that's going on, but it was yesterday was my boyfriend and his mom were getting in an argument. And I think I walked out at the wrong time, but I probably
Ariel Mirabal: She had said something that
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know, I just
Ariel Mirabal: It kind of got under my skin it bothered me a little bit and
Ariel Mirabal: I got upset and I didn't say very much but I just couldn't understand where the fight came from that it got to that point, and I was just like, I was so upset, but it was just between them yesterday.
Ariel Mirabal: But, like, a few days ago, I had gotten into a little argument with her. I guess you can say argument and codes of something so small. It was basically a misunderstanding, um,
Ariel Mirabal: It was actually about a week ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get into some specifics. These things do matter. There was a notice that I asked you what's your reason
Gwenevere Abriel: For living and notice you went to. It's our interpersonal relationships. So we play down and we say, oh, it's just a little misunderstanding and all of this got under my skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: These mean a lot to us and on the superficial some content about did you put the Tupperware lid on tight or not. Yeah. Well, I like Saran Wrap it may seem like it's nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the impact that can have on us emotionally is powerful. So now I just have some some names so I can be specific. What's boyfriend's name and his mom's name.
Ariel Mirabal: boyfriend's name is Russ, are you
Ariel Mirabal: And his mom's name is Arlene, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this one that happened. Would you say this one that happened between you and Arlene last week was a biggie. And so with yeah
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, it was kind of big because her and I get along really well for the most part, and we don't fight like that, you know, so it was kind of scary. It's not something that happens all the time. So,
I happened.
It was
Ariel Mirabal: It had something to do with my counseling appointments. As a matter of fact.
Ariel Mirabal: And it was last week when I was in the backyard and I had to do a group counseling with my daughter.
Ariel Mirabal: At which I've told her that I couldn't do. And she knew that for the past. I think I've been with you guys. Now, I mean, at the time, it was like six weeks or so.
Ariel Mirabal: Seven. I don't know, something like that. And so I had that for a certain amount of weeks. Now, obviously I'm saying that's in my head like fruit.
Ariel Mirabal: And I'm telling you this like for a certain amount of time I've been doing this every week group at the same time every Thursday. Nothing's changed, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: And she knows that I've already discussed this with her in advance and I asked her if that day and time was okay. And she agreed, you know, she
Ariel Mirabal: She's already let me know that that was cool. Well, she will of course right now for Corona thing they're, they're not working my my boyfriend's working. So we're actually paying them, you know, every month we give them quite a bit of money actually
Ariel Mirabal: And groceries as well. You know, we try to do all of that, where we but I'm
Ariel Mirabal: Now I'm like trailed off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in the group and my goodness that I thought we had an understanding, you're going to watch my daughter Arlene
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Okay, so I
Ariel Mirabal: Think that was a lot of my frustration was because I told her.
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, I asked her to have this conversation already, and it was clear, and she knew that. So right now, what they're doing is like they'll go out and do yard work for people Rusty's dad actually has I call my boyfriend rusty actually because his dad's name is Russ also
Oh,
Ariel Mirabal: Sorry, that might be confusing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I get into rescue. Now I got it.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay. So Russ senior he
Ariel Mirabal: Him and his wife, Arlene, they'll go out and do yards and stuff. Almost every day and this week has been just maybe one day this week you know every week is different, but
Ariel Mirabal: They're trying to make some extra money. I get that. You know, they need some extra money as well.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, it's just, it wasn't discuss that she wasn't going to be watching my daughter that day, she never asked me to reschedule my appointment. It wasn't she just she didn't say anything about it. She thought
Ariel Mirabal: She just kind of did like a little birdie fly by the night before and said, oh, here I have two yards to do tomorrow. And I was like, Okay, cool.
Ariel Mirabal: I was just thinking to myself, like
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, yeah, she's cool. She's got it. She's got a yard to do. Maybe she'll um, you know, come back and you know be with her at 11 and then go back out to her stuff, you know, and I mean I was just thinking
Ariel Mirabal: Because she didn't ask me to reschedule. So I just kind of, I thought, okay, it doesn't have anything to do with my counseling. That's still at 11 tomorrow.
Ariel Mirabal: You know what I mean. So it just kind of got skipped over and then the next day you know 1045 comes rolling around. She's not there. Then here's 1055 and I'm like, oh my god, is she coming
Ariel Mirabal: So I sent her a message. It was actually not rude. It wasn't passive. It was nothing. It was literally these exact words. I said, hey, my counseling is still today at 11am Did something happen, question mark.
Ariel Mirabal: Like did something happened in emergency happened. Did you forget, you know, something like that. I literally thought
Ariel Mirabal: My gosh, maybe something happened. She had to run out real quick. And she just forgot to tell me you know anything could have happened right so it was the nicest I didn't. There was no emotion in that text message, but with her, she added the emotion to that message all by herself and said,
Ariel Mirabal: I took it the wrong way. But this was later on when she read the message. It wasn't even until hours later, she didn't even see it when she was gone. It wasn't until she got back here. Well, I was in the back bedroom folding clothes. My daughter, happened to be in there at the same time.
Ariel Mirabal: Arlene is the biggest one of the biggest advocates in this
Ariel Mirabal: Family, as well as don't say anything bad in front of our rail and my daughter don't scream and yell and fight in front of her. This and that.
Ariel Mirabal: Right. She did just that. That day she went against everything she always does. And she came and she started yelling at me right in front of my daughter. She even told me to shut up right from my daughter. Like, that's how bad it got
Ariel Mirabal: So I was really upset by that because my daughter was literally sitting right there trying to hide behind the bed because she didn't know what to do. I just wanted to scream at this woman. Because of this, but
Ariel Mirabal: I respect her a lot that's, that's my boyfriend's mom, I would never do that. So I was kind of more like taking back for this. I was scared. I was in shock. I was like, I had that like
Ariel Mirabal: Ball in my throat. I was like, Oh my God, what do I do, what do I say I just, I felt like I couldn't get anything out of my mouth, nothing would come out for the longest time because I was like so scary kind of
Ariel Mirabal: My daughter. I was so mad. I think I was so mad. I was more mad than I was scared. I think at that moment my my anger was like starting to take over.
Ariel Mirabal: But I me
Gwenevere Abriel: mad when seeing daughter hiding
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, when she was like trying to cover your ears. And I was like,
Ariel Mirabal: Okay. And then I think that that's when I started to really respond. I was like I raise my voice. I absolutely did raise my voice and that was wrong.
Ariel Mirabal: For me to respond to her. She, she was. I mean, she was yelling at me. She, she kind of was doing that whole like
Ariel Mirabal: She had her phone in her hand and she was trying to tell me, Oh, well, this message you sent you know she was really upset about it.
Ariel Mirabal: But it was not a mean message. And I actually think goodness, her husband was here and he saw and he actually saw the message. Also, and he was able to tell her. Hey,
Ariel Mirabal: You're overreacting. There was nothing wrong with that text. And he said, you know what all this is a misunderstanding, he was just trying to calm the situation. Meanwhile,
Ariel Mirabal: She's. I don't even know what she was. She didn't have anything to scream about all she kept saying was, I say, I just took it even after she knew that she had just taken it the wrong way.
Ariel Mirabal: SHE JUST COULDN'T ADMIT THAT SHE WAS WRONG. So she just had to keep going.
Ariel Mirabal: And she was continuing with her bulging eyes out of her head sitting here so angry and mad after me telling her multiple times, you're wrong. Arlene, you're wrong.
Ariel Mirabal: I wasn't being rude. I wasn't being rude at all. It was a question, you know, so that blew up so big.
Ariel Mirabal: And then as much as I said, I think I said it like three or four times. I was not being rude. There was nothing wrong with that message. It came out then shut up, then
Ariel Mirabal: That she screams out that she says, and then her husband turns around and he just looks at her and he says you know what, that wasn't very nice either. Was it
Ariel Mirabal: And that was when I just walked away and I just kept my mouth shut, and I went to the room and I shut the door and the first thing I did was
Ariel Mirabal: Oh my god, what do I do, I called my boyfriend and I was like, I just, like, really quickly told him what happened. And he's like, we'll just take a deep breath. He told me the same thing because I shared with him that that's what I do.
Ariel Mirabal: That really helps. So he's like, take it. Try to take a deep breath, or maybe just go for a drive or something, you know, because I don't let my daughter see me cry and things like that. I try to, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: So that's what I did. I kind of just stayed in the room for a minute. I took a deep breath and I did cry, but she actually ended up leaving for a little while so
Ariel Mirabal: I came out and apologize to his dad and I just said, I don't know what happened. I'm sorry, you know, and he said, Don't worry about it. He just kind of
Ariel Mirabal: He helped me out a lot, actually he reassured me everything was okay.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, you know, she's just stress. You know, I understand. Everybody else dress, she's not the only one. But you know, I think that
Ariel Mirabal: She just overreacted and it was just a misunderstanding, you know, don't worry about it. And he's like, I'll be right back. He had something to go do so.
Ariel Mirabal: Then it was just me and my daughter. So I stayed calm. I just played with my daughter and me and her just basically avoided each other after that.
Ariel Mirabal: Tried to really stay away from each other and
Gwenevere Abriel: Another event happened as recent as yesterday.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. So, I mean, this was only a week ago. So now yesterday with him and his mom. It wasn't even that bad. It was kind of like quick. I'm sure that that happens more often than what I see, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: But
Ariel Mirabal: It was it was rude. It was a very rude one and I just didn't know how to take that and
Ariel Mirabal: No, that wasn't my fight it was none of my business. I walked out at the wrong time it did have something to do with her watching my daughter, which is what got under my skin because she now that I'm home now, now that I haven't been working. It's been at least three months.
Ariel Mirabal: She has not been with my daughter. I mean, she does her yard, she does her thing when I have something to do like this, you know, and she watches my daughter. There's things like that, which is
Ariel Mirabal: You know I'm not the parent that goes out to do things and says, hey, can you can watch my daughter, like I was taught that when you have a child, your life is over.
Ariel Mirabal: Literally that that she is your life you don't have
Ariel Mirabal: You know you don't go out party with your friends anymore. You don't go to the bars. You don't go do that. That's how my mom was and
Ariel Mirabal: She instilled that in us. So that's how we are all of us. My, my brothers and sisters after we had our kids. It was just like, no, I'm sorry, I'm home. I'm not going anywhere.
Ariel Mirabal: And there was no parties in front of my daughter. There was nothing like that. I completely changed. And I loved it. You know, I loved every bit of having a child and being a mom, you know I embraced that so I don't do those things. And it's like,
Ariel Mirabal: Now I'm trailing off again. On another subject.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's okay. So go back to, once you get into specifics fun and she say I over her to the best of your memory and memory is flawed. We actually don't have a perfect memory. None of us do. But what did you hear
Gwenevere Abriel: That was rude yesterday.
Ariel Mirabal: Um, she said, like I had walked out. I don't like I said, and it can catch the beginning part, but I had walked out. And for the last two days, which was
Ariel Mirabal: Two days ago that day and then the present day and the day before that she helped on the day before yesterday. I actually
Ariel Mirabal: My grandfather had a stroke. And now he actually can't use the whole right. I think it's the right side right or left side of his body. It's their lights on 578 years old my grandfather's little older. My mom's dad, but he
Ariel Mirabal: He's a really strong man. I'm just so sad that you know obviously that this happened, but I'm so happy that he's alive, he's just not in good shape.
Ariel Mirabal: But anyhow, I found that out that day. So it was a really hard day for me. I pretty much tried to avoid my daughter, because the tears were just rolling down my face and
Ariel Mirabal: I let her know right away because she was here and she wasn't busy and she wasn't doing anything. No, so I I let her know when I asked if it was okay if she
Ariel Mirabal: Played with religion, a little bit today so that I can kind of, you know, and she's yeah that's that's fine, no problem. So,
Ariel Mirabal: She watched her all day that day. Basically, pretty much, for the most part, just kind of on and off. She
Ariel Mirabal: Was with me. I was still here, but she was with granting playing in the backyard, you know, shoot, grandma was just trying to keep her busy all day.
Ariel Mirabal: So all day that day and then yesterday, basically, for most of the majority of the day yesterday to not all day. But again, like majority the day she played with her in the backyard again in the in the bedroom, she goes to the playroom.
Ariel Mirabal: She was very active with her again yesterday, but no last couple months she hasn't been you know what I mean, she's, she's it's me every day, obviously. And so when I walked out in the garage yesterday when they were arguing, she said something like
Ariel Mirabal: Well yeah well you know what, Rusty. I've been with Rhineland. For the past two days like she just said it in a way that
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, I just, I came out and that's all I heard. That's all I heard I was just like, I just kind of like looked at her and then I looked at rusty and I said, What is going on here.
Ariel Mirabal: And then all I heard him say was, you know what mom. I'm not saying you have attitude every day and she
Ariel Mirabal: That's i and then she was like, I'm not going to be told every day that I have attitude and then she starts walking inside and then he says, Well, that's not what I was saying I was asking if I could.
Ariel Mirabal: drive your car instead of, instead of hours, so I don't have to worry about the insurance, something like that. So it was a totally different subject and something about attitude or something. I'm like, What does
Ariel Mirabal: That have to do
Ariel Mirabal: My daughter. And why was that said
Ariel Mirabal: And then
Ariel Mirabal: Soon as I said that. I'm like, I'm with my daughter every single day. I was like, I really appreciate you watching my daughter for the last two days.
Ariel Mirabal: That's that's extremely helpful. But why does that have to be said and as soon as I said that my boyfriend came like plowing through. He was like,
Ariel Mirabal: Go inside go inside right now. Don't you don't need to be involved in this, this isn't your. This isn't your problem. This isn't your fight. And that was, I mean, it wasn't that was none of my business so
Gwenevere Abriel: Heading what part was upsetting for you.
Ariel Mirabal: The part that was upsetting this. I don't know why I can't explain. I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was just tell me when don't don't do the analysis, just say
Ariel Mirabal: It was when she said, I've been watching railing. For the past two days. Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: The only work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It didn't want to you that rusty basically said go in your room just stay out of this. That one really isn't what's lingering it's this other piece, right. Okay, there we go.
Ariel Mirabal: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: So sit with that for a minute. And I want to show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Your with my daughter for two days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the belief that your life is over and your whole reason for being is being with your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nana nanny was with her for two days. You weren't with her. I'm guessing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I did. Because it doesn't match this image of yourself panel.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. I don't see it the same way you do. But I'm listening to you and you have
Gwenevere Abriel: That was a rigid constraint, you put on yourself, my life is over and I get that you're, you're not you're not being exact like you still take showers alone needs to go to the bathroom alone. I know what you're saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's still meaning in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's rigid. I don't know that everyone would. That's a good mom, I don't know that everyone would say it like that. There's something about the way you're saying that the
Gwenevere Abriel: rigidity of it that hearing that you what kind of Mom, are you, you would leave railing for two days. Something I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Stung about that because it doesn't match this good mom that you see I that my whole life is about this. My life's over
Gwenevere Abriel: But there are those two days and this woman can leverage and that's what she's leveraging it's that she's not going to talk about all these years of me being this good mom and she's going to leverage that and
Ariel Mirabal: Like the way people like expect me to be like, I want people to like not people it's not people at all. It's like I live with my boyfriend's parents right now. And that's probably the hardest part right now.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Like sometimes and like let me tell you this, this might be a good example of me getting really upset when I feel like she's getting in the way, like with me, my daughter. It's like
Ariel Mirabal: The other day, my daughter was playing in the backyard Arlene, and I were both back there. I'm doing yard work. I was helping her pull weeds and stuff. She's 65 but she she plays like a 35 year old you know she plays
Ariel Mirabal: Anyways, we're pulling weeds back there. My daughter's playing and she's like a beast coming and every time of Beacons around the corner. My dad.
Ariel Mirabal: She starts freaking out. She's so scared to bees, you know, she's been stolen by one. Once you remember that.
Ariel Mirabal: But she's so scared. She started screaming and she trips on something and she balls and scraped your knee. So here's mom. Right. And here's grandma. Here's mom. Here's mom coming right here.
Ariel Mirabal: Right next to her.
Ariel Mirabal: If you see her mom coming to help her and console her and help her and pick her.
Ariel Mirabal: Up and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Why
Ariel Mirabal: Why, why would you run over there and jump right in front of me and pick up my daughter and start consoling and. Oh, it's okay. Oh my god, I was so upset my daughter was screaming. I just wanted to rip her out of my daughter out of her hands. Give her to me now.
Ariel Mirabal: I might fit to do that.
Ariel Mirabal: So I just like wanted to cry. But I'm like why would I cry, while my daughter's cutting over here. You know, like it was hard.
Ariel Mirabal: I didn't say anything. But it was so hard not to say anything Turner, so I didn't even say anything to my boyfriend usually I'll
Ariel Mirabal: Come, I'll have something to complain about when he gets home, but I'm tired of complaining. I don't want him to have all this weight on his shoulders of people fighting when he gets home from work. Like, I don't want him to have that
Ariel Mirabal: So it's a double
Gwenevere Abriel: That's we're going to come back to this really important piece that you've just spent time talking about I want to change the subject, just slightly for me. There's connective tissue, but I just, it's going to sound like I'm changing the subject when when your boyfriend talks about
Gwenevere Abriel: How attentive Arlene was to him as a little boy. How does he describe the relationship with his mother.
Ariel Mirabal: So he is a mama's boy and that's nothing. That's something that never used to bother me before and it still doesn't. But the fact that she's rubbed it in my face. A couple of times before and actually said that to me before it bothers me now.
Ariel Mirabal: And and the most recent last year of our lives. We've had a really rough year it's only been we've had really good relationship probably like the last
Ariel Mirabal: Few months maybe since we've been out of our house and maybe here it things started to kind of relate a little bit stress.
Ariel Mirabal: But like God before that it was like we are fighting every day about and then my drinking didn't help, you know, that was another thing that he was just doing my face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Rusty. We're fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Ariel Mirabal: A lot. And then like our relationship got better, a little bit. So we've been doing pretty good lately, but um
Ariel Mirabal: When him and I would fight. I feel like she would feed off of that somehow like she really
Ariel Mirabal: I can't explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: clicks. Can you go back to notice we started talking about you for a minute. But we already did that. I'm asking. It's a really different subject. Let's go for just a moment to
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard mama's boy, but I, I'm asking when he tells you stories about his relationship with his mom how to see described as a child, what that was like.
Ariel Mirabal: It was extremely good extremely good
Ariel Mirabal: It was a really, really great mother.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, and she was always, always, always with him always extremely attentive.
Ariel Mirabal: They have this thing. It was like
Ariel Mirabal: Rusty has a sister a 10 minute sister, Tiffany. And then it was his mom and dad says a family of four, but for some reason.
Ariel Mirabal: It's probably so different. They have this thing and it's not like his mom doesn't love Tiffany And she just loves rusty and not Tiffany she loves her kids, you know, obviously.
Ariel Mirabal: But they have this thing. It's like her Tiffany And her dad were always the close ones and Rusty and his mom.
Ariel Mirabal: And it wasn't just the thing. It was literally that's how it was.
Ariel Mirabal: Rusty WOULD GO FISHING WITH HIS MOM, and it would just be the two of them. Tiffany And rest would be doing, they would stay home.
Ariel Mirabal: And it just blows my mind. I think it just asked questions, sometimes with the way that they answer. It's just kind of like nonchalant. Like it's normal. But I, I don't know.
Ariel Mirabal: I guess I'm always like, families are always like together. They do you know what I mean, I don't know.
Ariel Mirabal: I just think it's so different, but him and his mom are always just so close. And it was always like just the two of them, you know, and Tiffany And her dad are like that because it was the two of them. So it's like rusty and his mom have this specific type of like closeness.
Ariel Mirabal: She really is. She's an awesome. She's an awesome person, she's a really, really good mom and she's a really good grandmother to it's it's
Ariel Mirabal: I'm extremely lucky to have her and my daughter is extremely lucky to have her
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you couldn't be the one to take care of re land with the be
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know what you've described. Oh my gosh, I get that the logic wasn't there and how emotionally activating them was for you, but I'd like to hear what that says about you that you couldn't reach your daughter right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time on this. And because what I'm asking you is what you believed about yourself in that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll come in and I am
Ariel Mirabal: Gonna say wasn't fast enough.
Ariel Mirabal: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't fast enough.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, like I just didn't get there fast enough.
Ariel Mirabal: Okay, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Dojo run away from it. Stay right there. Let's just just assume that there's some real meat in that just linger with it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel if it's if you if you're onto something. I wasn't fast enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Arlene, holding her Arlene is getting love reassurance attention. She's being taken care of.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what your daughter needed
Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: But
Gwenevere Abriel: You, but you had an unmet need, right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You needed something and it didn't get met and you cried and were upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stick with I wasn't fast enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: A good mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is fast enough and you weren't
Gwenevere Abriel: You had something to prove right there are no seconds that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there you were with no little girl in your arms.
Ariel Mirabal: You know, it has when we're here. And I don't know if I've told you this before, but it does bother me when because it's hard living here with them because my daughter.
Ariel Mirabal: Sometimes she wants to play with ground and doesn't want to play with her mom, I think I've told you that before. No, I want to play with any mom go it you know
Ariel Mirabal: Sometimes I'm like, Okay, I'll live. It's whatever she's a kid, you know, she loves grabbed me. I remember I used to love Granny's house to when I was a kid and
Ariel Mirabal: But
Ariel Mirabal: It's like sometimes I feel like
Ariel Mirabal: She does so much
Ariel Mirabal: For religion and it's not a contest of who can be like, you know, MORE FUN WITH HER AND YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, WHO CAN MAKE HER have the most fun you know it's it's not what it is. It's but she does so much for my daughter. And you know what I mean, she
Ariel Mirabal: I feel like I don't want my daughter to want to be with her more than her own mom because sometimes I feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think we're getting to the heart of it. Oh, she that hurts. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you're getting real real real honest right now.
Ariel Mirabal: Feels like even aside from just the I want to play with grinding right now it's like every day she'll say that every single day.
Ariel Mirabal: So I feel like that's part of it. I don't want my daughter to grow up anymore, thinking that she needs to run to granted for anything. I'm here. Her mom's here.
Ariel Mirabal: And john is there to play with to but I don't want her to be the number one like
Ariel Mirabal: Each that's an honor. Mom, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: And like I get it, she's fun. She's a lot of fun. Granny is a lot of fun.
Ariel Mirabal: You know, but like, even when we're at home, and we were living in on our own house. At the time, it would be like she would be so excited when granny would come over like so excited to her and
Ariel Mirabal: Just, you know, she loves her granny so much and I love that so much. And I love that she has that it's, it's just, and when we would come visit it was just too. There she goes. All right, she's playing with Granny, and that's okay. And I think that right now.
Ariel Mirabal: And even then it bothered me a little bit when my daughter just like when whenever she would be around her grand mother, she just didn't want to have anything to do with me. That would bother me a little bit, but
Ariel Mirabal: It bothers me a lot more now that we're here like that we live here. It's hard. Yeah.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm up trying to like do something with her. And now I just want to like
Ariel Mirabal: Take her out of the house and take her go do something because I want to get her away and just so I could try to be with her and do things with her and and try to, I don't know, build a better relationship we have a great relationship. It's just that I like I said, Arlene does
Ariel Mirabal: Things like, I don't know. She's, she's fun with her. I don't know. I don't know what I could do
Is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with that a little bit. Okay. We're brave enough to talk about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit there for a moment with it that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: I see what raylene has with Granny.
Gwenevere Abriel: And on want that too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And this belief, your life is over. As a mother. How do you see the conflict between what your the reality of what you're seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: And this belief about what being a mother is you see how they're in contradiction and how distressing that might be
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get into other pieces of it. But those are facts right she facts are your railing wants to go play with Granny.
Gwenevere Abriel: No judgment about it. It's a fact and you've watched it happen again and again. You're also able to say that they have fun. They have fun activity. She's pretty good edge comes up with some some kind of kind of things to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want that to
Ariel Mirabal: You know she gives me ideas and stuff and you know she's, she's really awesome that's we're all lucky to have her and
Ariel Mirabal: She does. She'll. She'll do certain things or, you know, gives me an idea of what I can get for railing, or what I can do. And you know, it's cool. We do.
Ariel Mirabal: A lot of arts and crafts at home you know that's something that I do anyways but there's certain things that she would do differently that oh, like that's a cool idea, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: Even when it comes to like dinners and stuff. She helps me out with, like, oh, I tried these things. I bought these for real in like lunch food or whatever it is a snack and she'll show me what it is and
Ariel Mirabal: It's got non high fructose or whatever and stuff. So I'm like, Oh, cool. I'll try that, you know, I appreciate the tips I don't, I'm not. I don't get offended when she tells me because she doesn't tell me what to do. She just, you know, she shows me things. Okay, cool. So
Gwenevere Abriel: The other half of that is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Does granny put her in timeout.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does granny say no, you can't hit and no you know there's a consequence to she do the disciplining
Ariel Mirabal: She doesn't do the disciplining she will tell, really. No. Um, but she she's, she's very, very soft and she caves in a lot. It's like
Ariel Mirabal: Because my daughter will she's starting to get to the point now where she'll scream or whatever. If you can't get away, you know, and I was our Oh, she was such an angel. She never used to do.
Ariel Mirabal: She's four and now she's starting to do it. I mean,
Ariel Mirabal: Really SCREAM Oh it's tears coming down crying. Oh, because you tell her it's time for but you know what I mean.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Teach her
Gwenevere Abriel: What she can and cannot do. You cannot run, you can't pick those scissors up, keep keep camp run a slippery floor. No, no, you can't hit timeout, do you discipline your daughter.
Ariel Mirabal: I do. Absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to go play with Grammy and not you
Gwenevere Abriel: You're the heavy you're an actual current
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your ego strength, you're going to have to write, you're going to have to really get that is what love looks like. And it isn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: An easy job.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rewards won't come till they're 35
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe on the wedding day. They say thanks ma
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Over and over, you're going to see it, you're going to see it. You are so blessed to have an additional source of love, you are so blessed to have that your daughter is going to have
Gwenevere Abriel: A strong sense of love and identity and security on this planet because she has you and Granny.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all these other people that she gets to see that love looks like this love looks like, ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is so hard to be the disciplinary and in the family.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still with the child needs because that's how the world works. There is a consequence you could get hurt. You could hurt someone else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone has to teach her that and her little brain will be done growing till she's about 2829 she has sort of some attention deficit issues and won't be till 30 you represent
Gwenevere Abriel: The right, wrong. The ability to sink into the future you represent. It's called an external executive function.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a privilege of granny don't have grandma dumb.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I can't wait to be at myself or I can just spoil the F out of myself, so I don't have to do the disappointing.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't wait. Haha. Just wait. You know what I mean. Hot. I'll show you. And this parenting things really are really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Her get
Gwenevere Abriel: Granny, get to the to the bee sting just
Gwenevere Abriel: Be so grateful be so grateful that you had a moment to go, go do some grief over these last couple days and someone was there to just just
Gwenevere Abriel: Adore your daughter. It is not a threat to you. It may feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I think, all it is is just this belief, you have this, my life is over. There's a real belief system running this
Gwenevere Abriel: This life of yours that may need I think just a little adjustment. Just a little flexibility and then you'll see, oh, this is really cool. It's a you tell your boyfriend. Oh, I hate being a heavy. I want to be the one that's fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what can happen. Well, first let me see what's going on in your head. So I've been talking to. Well, how is this affecting you what I'm saying.
Ariel Mirabal: It's, um, I mean, I think it's really more of like an emotional thing for me.
Ariel Mirabal: As opposed to like a system like, you know, my life is over. That's kind of like the My Life is everything is how my mom kind of taught it to us.
Ariel Mirabal: Your life is your life is over. When you have a child, you know, you're not gonna be able to do anything with like my own head. It's like, you know, okay, I get it. It was it was. You know what I mean. That's like, that's how she taught us, but I think
Ariel Mirabal: I'm not necessarily my life is over, but that
Ariel Mirabal: It I'm
Ariel Mirabal: Like that part of me is gone. That Partier that that like
Ariel Mirabal: You know, going out with your friends all the time and things. That's just going to have to stop like all of that is just non existent. When you have a child that's just kind of how you know
Ariel Mirabal: Reading between the lines when she would say stuff like that. But I feel like it's more of an emotional thing than, you know, just trying to be a certain kind of parent I
Ariel Mirabal: I want to be. I know nobody's perfect and everybody wants to be perfect. Nobody's perfect. I just every day. I want to be better every day and I was yesterday. It might have something to do with maybe my childhood. I'm not sure. I hope that maybe I can get to the bottom of that too, but
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, my parents were awesome. But my mom had a little bit of an emotional issue, and she was a heavy drinker, as well. When you know we were growing up, things like that.
Ariel Mirabal: But I think this is more of just an emotion, for me, like, I want to be a great mom and I want my daughter to see that I want that to reflect, not just this this
Ariel Mirabal: You know, Arlene, and whatever whoever's looking at me, or whatever. But I want my daughter to feel that closeness with me. I want her to come to me when she needs something or you know
Ariel Mirabal: Not even necessarily her. I want to be the one that
Ariel Mirabal: Is, is there like is there for her when she needs help, and
Ariel Mirabal: I I want her to feel. I want her to see me. I want her to have that connection with me that she wants to play with me instead or me first, or you know what I mean. Yesterday we had a good
Ariel Mirabal: Little 30 minutes we were playing me and Granny. We're playing with Rayleigh we played Hide and Seek together, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: sometimes she'll let me play with her and Granny, but usually it's just like no don't play but granny helps with that she'll say, no, don't say that real in, you know, Mommy, can play to, you know, she says things like that to try to help the situation, but
Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: When you are a little when you kind of picture your mom's availability. What are some of those snapshots that you can picture when you wanted to play with her.
Ariel Mirabal: I'm sitting at the table. Crying drinking a beer.
Ariel Mirabal: And other snapshot is doing the dishes.
Ariel Mirabal: Always doing or cleaning or doing chores at home.
Ariel Mirabal: Reading a book at night.
Ariel Mirabal: Or at work.
Ariel Mirabal: Are sleeping that's I mean she would only sleep for a few hours at night. Other than that, she was always at work. And then when she was home. She was drinking
Ariel Mirabal: And a very, very loving mother. She was very loving and you know there were a couple of days here and there was, she was sober. So she was still a mom, you know, but and we still knew her
Ariel Mirabal: But if she was just the majority of the time she would drink beer and she would just be buzzed all the time and she was not the same, you know, so it was like we got to know to have her to two moms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, a couple days here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's just this. It's the sun.
Ariel Mirabal: The sun's coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. That works great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think let's take what you just said. When I was little, I have a lot of snapshots of
Gwenevere Abriel: I could see my mother's busy. She's got her beer. I know what that means. She's cleaning. I know what that means. She's not here. She's at work. I know what that means. She's reading a book. I know what that means.
Gwenevere Abriel: There were you just said there were a couple days here and there, but she wasn't buzzed.
Gwenevere Abriel: The majority of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He was buzzed.
Ariel Mirabal: And is
Gwenevere Abriel: Your phrasing will start with them. So she was
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually she is a heavy drinker, and then you'll come back out and you'll defend her in a way in your language. You'll, you'll minimize it. You'll buffer it. She's a great mom, she's great mom I know two versions, you do both. You sort of let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I don't want you to think badly at my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you make sure I don't write to go and don't don't know. She's good. She's a good mom.
Ariel Mirabal: I love her. I love her so much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely course.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in here you get to talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: What it was like to look out and you have to interpret your mom's unavailability
Gwenevere Abriel: And how that felt as a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: That happened to
Ariel Mirabal: My dad was always the one that was there with us. I remember I could take snapshots of my dad. He was like,
Ariel Mirabal: Standing at the sidelines, while I was in my track me and like the third or fourth grade.
Ariel Mirabal: Just cheering me on. No, no, you're not done yet. Keep going, keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: Home.
Ariel Mirabal: Um,
Ariel Mirabal: He actually died when he was 15 years old. So this was this was about five years ago now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, man.
Ariel Mirabal: August will be six years.
Oh,
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, he was he was he was he was too soon for him, for sure.
Ariel Mirabal: Was too soon for all of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do some breathing together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have that Daya fanatic breathing and I'd like you to bring in the image of how you share all those amazing qualities of your father.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the qualities that you you sort of adore in your mother just breathe them into that belly. When you do that full belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of picturing
Gwenevere Abriel: Sweetness interface.
Gwenevere Abriel: The moments that you've enjoyed with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you felt loved and seen and known.
Gwenevere Abriel: And breathe in.
Gwenevere Abriel: That consistency.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of your father's
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention and presence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you share those qualities
Gwenevere Abriel: You recognize them in yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You recognize those qualities in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the next time we meet, I'd like to pick up where we just left off, which is bridging that history and doing some work with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The next time kind of talking so okay let's talk more about what that was like, I'm not sure what intervention will do. But I think that topics and important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: We adults can end up repeating
Gwenevere Abriel: basically trying to heal a wound
Gwenevere Abriel: And we do it in bizarre ways in in weird relationship like all the sudden
Gwenevere Abriel: The daughter wanting you is as if a parent wanted you it's a weird thing, but it's just love. It's just I want to be wanted the phenomenon itself is there doesn't really
Ariel Mirabal: Kind of matter with that audience and, like, maybe it's the way that I felt I my thinking now that when you said that maybe the way I felt looking at my mom and dad when I was a kid.
Ariel Mirabal: I THINK ABOUT TO LIKE MAYBE, LIKE, IS THAT IT. I DON'T KNOW MY DAUGHTER like I want her to view me a certain way. I want her to to need me to do want me
Ariel Mirabal: Love me, you know,
Ariel Mirabal: It's really and like looking at myself in the way I look at my mom and dad. I mean, I don't know.
Ariel Mirabal: I love them both so much. And it was
Ariel Mirabal: You know, I, my mom didn't she was never an outside person. She was extremely depressed. Well,
Ariel Mirabal: She's been through so much in her life a lot
Ariel Mirabal: I mean, it would probably make you cry. Some of the stuff you know she's been through so much and her lifetime. My mom is
But
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta tell you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: If and I and and Louise transcribing exactly what ariela saying because listen, when you first started this conversation and couldn't quite write the word down fast enough. You were you, said she, she was kinda Oh, she's a little emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: And now look extremely depressed you you you buffer that you minimize
Gwenevere Abriel: What she was
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to save face now not with me. I get she's not less lovable because she had depression and it was untreated, and she was self medicating with alcohol for years, but it had an effect on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: They both exist and if we don't address it head on courageously, the way you did with what's going on with your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just keeps going. And then that dynamic between your daughter and you imagine that happening as a teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, it's going to be so explosive
Ariel Mirabal: That would be my worst nightmare.
Gwenevere Abriel: We treated we treat it now and you really the switch goes off from, like, ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. She's okay little girl gets to get that love and it from granny from wherever she can
Gwenevere Abriel: In it does not deplete the love I get there, there's actually no limit to it. The reality is it's an if there's an endless supply of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But as a little person when you look around and you don't get enough of it. That's not what you learned
Gwenevere Abriel: You learned scarcity. There's not enough. Look at my mom doesn't even know she loves herself enough, she ain't got enough for me. We're going to go look at this with more time. You don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Work hard and analyzing it. We'll do it together. Um, your, your work is just in the moment to catch what your body's responding to remember that right responding. Wait a minute, what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And name your emotion go not just anger. Anger is the protective one you're going to lash out at someone maybe or get irritated with someone before you take action I catch ok ok I'm pissed off. Okay, so there's probably went, Okay, what's that thing underneath it.
Ariel Mirabal: Something that gets
Ariel Mirabal: First and then it gets that first and then it turns into getting
Ariel Mirabal: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Job of the parent right is we've got to take care of our set that's when we call boyfriend. That's when we journal, definitely do our breathing. That's when we use prayer, meditation, or we lotion walk yoga, whatever it is.
Gwenevere Abriel: We take care of ourselves. So that were available to our children.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't have that models with your mother. And so it is really difficult. I'm imagining for you. So we're going to kind of close with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to pick this up. This is powerful stuff. You worked really hard today.
Ariel Mirabal: Thank you. I would like to pick up this where we left off. That would be really cool.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, that's huge. It's probably a huge problem and it stems from a lot longer ago than when I i think i can imagine childhood. My mom actually was
Ariel Mirabal: Like I said, extremely depressed. She, she's tried to kill herself multiple times we've picked her up from the hospital, we've called an ambulance. We've hit all the knives in the house there's there's a lot coming from that. So we can pick up that would be cool. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very brave. It's not an easy thing to do. I don't have a negative judgment about your mother. I'm interested in having a healing experience for you that's that's what we're up to. It's not about who your mom was this. No, no, that's not going to be the final summary.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be more you're going to have more love and compassion for your
Gwenevere Abriel: Mother, we're not going to come away with with hating her. That's not the destination.
Ariel Mirabal: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm looking at my book to see what what
Gwenevere Abriel: You do like really morning this worked out great.
Ariel Mirabal: Write down
Gwenevere Abriel: I have everyone's booked for 7am at this point and
Gwenevere Abriel: And the earliest right now. We could do six six. Again, that's fine with me.
Ariel Mirabal: Yeah, that's what we find with me whenever. Okay.
So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's do I'm already up. Well, they're all 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: How about we do
Gwenevere Abriel: Your groups on Thursday.
Ariel Mirabal: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did. I have a group at seven in the morning on Tuesdays. How about we do Tuesday and we're having a nice quick follow up with this too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I hop from today's discussion, we're going to be able to sort of continue it.
Gwenevere Abriel: At six on May 5 and if you want to do screenshot stuff you're more than welcome to because then if I don't normally do it. But if I had to, I could hold the care navigators accountable and
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be something missing that I can't because I you know we're all independent contractors. I don't know what they're doing, but it may negatively affect you. Then all of a sudden, I don't think you're there. And then if I go. So there is the potential for
Ariel Mirabal: That. So I'm definitely going to take. That's why I was like on and texts you, I'm like I'm on the I'm waiting for them to pick up. Yeah, I will definitely do the screenshot thing for sure, next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so our next appointment is may 5 6am drop in there and a quarter off worst case just send me a little, little text hand here. And so I get to see you soon. I'll see you on Tuesday morning
Ariel Mirabal: You so much. I'll see you Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you get to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Justin.
Justins iPhone: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple things we got to do right away on the first one is, we're going to both log out. I'm in a separate I separate all my appointments in different zoom Room meeting. So we have to both log out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the second one is, I'm going to be asking you to maybe take two minutes or so find somewhere to be seated and place kind of need propped up with books or some kind of way, kind of propped up kind of like what I'm doing, where I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: At you so take a couple minutes because it looks like you're laying down
Gwenevere Abriel: And so go ahead and find someplace to be seated and log right back in.
Oh, good.